docs: extract org-wide rules to .github-private, add @import (#224)
theholocron/configs: CLAUDE.md

## Code patterns

> - **ESLint override:** `n/no-unpublished-import` is disabled in every

Author: ```suggestion
- **ESLint override:** `n/no-unpublished-import` is turned off in every
```
